All-Knowing Manor...
what kind of place is it exactly?
Why does everyone want to go there?
Answering Imperial Grandmother,
I heard that at All-Knowing Manor,
there is a Treasure of a Thousand Secrets.
It has implicated many lives.
I feared further disaster,
so I sent the Chief of the Court of Revision,
Hua Qiankun, to go with Ye Li.
Who is Ye Li?
Ye Li, son of former Vice Minister of Revenue Ye Zhongming.
Involved in the Metropolitan Governor's murder case,
he went to the Manor to redeem himself through service.
And you, Eunuch Li?
I also wish to aid the Empress Dowager and The Emperor.
Fearing the Treasure of a Thousand Secrets
might be used by those with ill intent,
I sent the Secret Inspectorate to investigate.
Don't think I don't know what you are thinking.
The Emperor is critically ill,
but I am not dead yet.
You seem rather impatient.
This old servant dares not.
Your grandson dares not.
With The Emperor bedridden,
we must not fall into chaos.
If there is progress in this case,
report to me first.
Yes.
There's nothing here but the river.
The Red River divides the Manor in two.
On the south bank, there is only the Ancestral Hall.
The Manor is surrounded by mountains on three sides,
and embraces the river on one side.
Protected by miasma,
it is easy to defend and hard to attack.
There are no ferry boats by the river either.
On normal days,
how do they cross to the south bank?
The Manor Lord does not wish to disturb the ancestors,
so except for sacrifices,
boats are not docked here on normal days.
Ye Li.
Let's go.
Look.
"Gold and jade fill the hall, hidden in deep chambers."
"Wood carvings and clay sculptures worship mercy."
"Water shimmering, lotus stamens."
"Candles light the hall, protecting safety."
This is...
Metal, Wood, Water, Fire.
Come, look at this.
"Gold and jade fill the hall" is the Myriad Treasures Pavilion.
It's in the West Courtyard, belonging to Metal.
"Wood carvings and clay sculptures" is the Main Hall.
It's in the East Courtyard, belonging to Wood.
"Water shimmering" is the Lotus Garden.
It's in the north, belonging to Water.
"Candles light the hall" is the south bank's Ancestral Hall.
It belongs to Fire.
If that's the case,
"The immortal points the way to the Book of Longevity."
The "Book of Longevity" in this line
refers to the Ancestral Hall.
The incense in the Ancestral Hall never ceases,
burning bright every night.
It is the Manor Lord hoping the ancestors can
bless the Manor with favorable weather
and everlasting prosperity.
He's praying for himself
to have great wealth and honor,
and to live a long life.
Then the last line makes sense too.
"The Book Owner crosses the river, passing the human world."
This Red River not only divides the Manor,
but also divides Yin and Yang.
South of the Red River
are all departed souls.
Since all locations
are divided according to the Five Elements,
then Earth...
is right here.
The center belongs to Earth.
We have a tail. Let's go.
The Manor Lord's room is cleaned daily.
I also bring people here often.
If there is a Treasure of a Thousand Secrets,
how would it be hidden?
There must be a mechanism in the room.
Everyone, split up and look.
What are you doing?
Just taking some of Concubine Si's jewelry.
She won't mind.
Concubine Si doesn't usually live here.
These were all used by Madam when she was alive.
Give it to me.
It's fine.
Put it back.
Here, take it back.
We came all this way.
Didn't make a deal.
Not even a little reward?
After Madam passed away,
the Manor Lord missed her dearly.
He doesn't let anyone touch these things.
Once, I saw some dust on the dressing table.
I wanted to help wipe it off.
But the Manor Lord gave me a good scolding.
Wait.
There's a groove inside here.
It looks like a mechanism.
Try this.
A Ruyi.
Where did you get that?
This belongs to the Manor Lord.
He has such a noble status.
Why would he wear something so cheap?
I thought it was strange.
So I took it off during the autopsy.
It really is the key.
I'll go first.
Be careful.
Stay close to me.
Don't be afraid.
This place looks just like the Myriad Treasures Pavilion.
Could the Treasure of a Thousand Secrets be hidden here?
Ninth Year of Qingde.
Tenth Year of Qingde.
Eleventh Year of Qingde.
These are all arranged by date.
Tell me,
if the Treasure of a Thousand Secrets is really hidden here,
then how long will it take us to find it?
If the records are this detailed,
then there should be archives from the end of the Qingzhi era here.
Found it.
I followed the petals all the way to the Manor Lord's courtyard.
They went in and haven't come out since.
Then let's go take a look too.
News has come from the Palace.
The Palace knows.
Then what do you plan to do?
End this quickly.
The Treason Case of Censor Chao Heng.
Ye Li.
What's wrong?
Come with me.